Sample Admin Login: email : admin@admin.com ,Pass: admin

Elegant Design
Nice and Easy get used to User interface
Awesome Dashboard
Notifications Dropdown

Tests:

Easy create Tests
Keep Timed tests with Start Time, End Time and Time Limit (End Time is End of test Time , Time Limit is Time allowed for a single user)
2 types of question view 
1. Answer Fill sheet in OMR format
2. answer next to question

Keep tests Public, Private or Archived (Archived - always open)
Have Sections in Tests eg: (Physics, Chem, Math)

Have sub groups under sections eg.(Single Option Multi option)

Add questions in a simple click way
Wysiwyg editor to write questions : Supports Latex,Images and even Videos in questions

4 Answer Types Supported (Single answwr,multiple choice, Match and Numerical ans)

Give Tags for your questions which will be used in showing the final analytics based on Topics of the question

Set Answers in the same neat and elegant way with Detiled Solutions also

Set Marking Scheme for each question (Correct/wrong/unanswered)

Set your quiz On-board so that its ready to be published on dashboard and launch. Set o-board and the test starts automatically with the scheduled start time

Create test permission given only to admin.
A Test can have unlimited no. of questions


Test User View:

Awesome layout for neat attempts.
Autosave enabled so that answers are saved regularly. with a save button also. Time left displayed on top. Test once started starts the timer for a user.
Private test asks for passkey . Admin can set universal passkey or email based passkey for users. 

<Describe about the User Interface>

OnFinish evaluation starts and resulta are obtained. Solutions displayed is test is archive or test time over (TimeEnd). Get your marks and percentage. Get ranks and Percentile once test over.

Analytics : Get nice graphical analysis of test performance. Chart based analytics with highest and average marks showm. Test analysis, Section wise, group wise and Tag-wise analysis for better understanding of performance.

Admin Analytics:
Nice and organised admin analytics.
Admin gets to see the number of users and User based analytics where user reports and individual performances can be viewed with export option.
Question based analytics where admin gets to see the % of users answered the question correct/wrong and tag based analysis too..

Admin gets to see average, highest marks

Share test option, Generate Ranks option so that admin can initiate rank generation once certain number of users reached

Private tests generate Universal passkey and import of email based passkeys

Notifications bar giving details of analysis and evaluation.. 

Quizzes:

Quizzes hav all features of tests except:

Only 25 questions allowed
No section or groups
Has 2 view types : 1.One by one with one question viewed each tym and 2.continuous

Has the embed option by which the quiz can be embed into any site with just copy paste of code given by us(In Admin analytics dashboard) .

Any user can create a test until he has a gud amount of reputation. and he is the admin of that quiz. 

KC Points and Reputation:
Every user is given 100 reputation while starting . For creating a new quiz 100 reputation is required. On each attempt of the created quiz by a user the reputation of creator increases by 1. So if a creator gets 100 users for his quiz then his reputation is built and he has the ability to create one more...

KC points is the users Knowledge Coefficient :P . It shows the users knowledge level based on the quizzes and tests attempted.. the points are awarded based on a clever algorithm using the percentage of marks obtained by the user in any test or quiz.